#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
alembic==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   outcome
    #   trio
bcj-cffi==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
bpytop==1.0.68
    # via -r requirements.txt
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
    #   selenium-wire
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium-wire
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcj-cffi
    #   cryptography
    #   ppmd-cffi
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydispatch
config==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
crtime==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-classful
flask-classful==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   treelib
google-api-core==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.106.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.59.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   grpcio-tools
grpcio-tools==1.59.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wsproto
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   h2
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   h2
    #   selenium-wire
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zeroconf
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   keyring
    #   rst2pdf
inflate64==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   rst2pdf
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
kaitaistruct==0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
keyring==24.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
lxml==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
multivolumefile==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
nuitka==1.8.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
numpy==1.26.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   reportlab
ppmd-cffi==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
protobuf==4.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-tools
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bpytop
    #   py7zr
py7zr==0.20.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   selenium-wire
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pybcj==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.19.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycryptodomex==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
pydispatch==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydispatcher==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
    #   urllib3
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
    #   selenium-wire
pyppmd==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
    #   urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
pyzstd==0.15.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
reportlab==4.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
rst2pdf==0.101
    # via -r requirements.txt
ruamel-yaml==0.18.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
selenium==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
selenium-wire==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   grpcio
    #   pydispatch
    #   python-dateutil
    #   user-agent
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rst2pdf
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
texttable==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
treelib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
trio==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
ujson==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3[secure,socks]==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
user-agent==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire
    #   trio-websocket
zeroconf==0.119.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipfile-deflate64==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py7zr
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium-wire

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
